greet dear friends in touch makeup
optimists today we have a small
podcast in which I want to answer
one question that's me for the last
time was set several times and different
people the question seemed to me very
he sounds interesting so what do you think
opinion the biggest problem of the game world
of tanks or what most don't you
like what you want most
to change
I really thought so much that
there is good in our game definitely
otherwise we would not play but problems too
there are quite a few of them and I tried for a long time
highlight some very global
that would overlap everything else or
maybe even happened as if it happened
would even serve as the first source
all the problems are now well, I thought and thought
and in the end I came to this
disappointing conclusion that the main
the problem of the game world of tanks is the players
because all other problems they are
in a big way well, they don’t
global character that is it well not
very good some cards yes they are
there is not very good but there are good
on the other hand that is
getting that on bad cards is pretty
Rarely is the problem of unsuccessful
cards are usually in the fact that they are not
what colors match five?
the players are all limited by the problem is that
some tanks
strongly perry apana or vice versa pinner
the Finns yes how let's say perry the opponent
same t57 heavy permethrin mouse yes that is y
us nobody nerfili but he himself
just cups slag the same problem there
definitely but i don't know i don't play either
fifty seventh not on
on the mouse so for me it's like
I see mouse kill see T57 well be
afraid a little more that is it is not
The problem is such a trifle as you really
little thing here if somebody is yoke there on
fifty-seventh tone on health i'm not
against how would you let it go and bend
that you don't care how well you play
yes technology a little imbo but guys
players is really a problem here
as if difficult to find what has been found now
the root cause is just one
personal it seems to me here I was watching
become a recent developer response
all sorts of interviews with them and so on there
indirectly this problem was touched upon.
they themselves are dissatisfied with the general skill of the players
there is here the average player is
very weak player that is a player who
knows absolutely nothing about the game he doesn't
knows the basic mechanics that is there for
light there physics where you can go where
you can’t shoot ahead
without knowing it he does not know what is
armor and how to use that if so what
there is such a thing as a given
understood the developers said in that
stream in some way that no one knows what
is the reduced armor that is what
roughly speaking 100 millimeters under good
angle is better through the stance that 130 under
direct they do not know it that is nobody
it did not explain and
in this course there is such a negative
the merit of the game itself because well bye
learning in the game none of the bad is
explained enough if the person is not
looks guides no read there
forum then
well, while he is not interested with you
the history of tank building then for him this
naturally everything is not obvious for this reason
most players will remove it very
weak I honestly was shocked when
I learned that people do not know what the game is
settings that can go change
let's say the health mapping is there to
differently displayed to instead
nickname was displayed tank because they
I do not know let's say they go to IS-7 yes
there on some
this 9 can't get him anywhere and
merge then there well they just don't
knew that this is IS-7 because he is there
hid behind the hill well, that is, behind the stone
silhouette is not visible and in above it
tank instead of the inscription is-7 there is an inscription
nagibator
66 owner's nickname yes all that is, as
I understand what you think it is
some idiot yes but this is reality
there is that is just
The main problem is that I speak a lot
such a large mass of players they
just don't know how to play this game
here probably need to put it that way
this thesis and what gvg does for it
Well, by and large, now gone
some kind of progress here before they
tried this guide and do on the main
channel well on whom exactly tank
Yes, and publish on the site but these guides
it was still very small and they went out
there once a month shorter for one tank and
the weather they did not do here now they
will create a second channel on which
there will be nuts at home
famous water makers to everyones but it
also will not solve the problem because
youtube as practice shows
very little
Now if someone thinks that all the players
Look there there are guides of Jova Murazor in this
or something else
or there but then they are very wrong
A small percentage of players look at all
some guides because no one
explains to these players that in order
to play normally you need to learn it
do need to absorb new information
getting her to learn something yes that is
nobody knows they think that
you need to download for this tank just 10
level and everything will come that is
you understand what's the matter, it's very sad
and much into real problems precisely from
this is where the dominance of the art was
after all
the fact that there was a lot of art this problem is well in
the greater degree of the fact that there are many players
on not played but because they were looking
easy gameplay the same with the rituals
now because it's easier to play them
they don't need to know how to tank them
no need to know how to take positions you
got up there at the base and shoot everything
there is much easier to play this
the main problem is that the main
bathert let's think of it from the game
when there are when let's say there are not many
I know you're dragging dragging and dragging and all
merge yes, that is, no
just because people don't know how
play with you out of luck in your team
got a lot more
experienced players are extremely inexperienced and they
I just do not know what to do and does not twist
towers shoots a mask at the enemy
their mother you can understand something
you can do anything out of your skin
climb and shoot us there 6 thousand damage
I do not know there at the eighth level from the side
merge because the team game into one
helmet dragged well, it is necessary either hellish
some kind of skill completely insane there
either a platoon of the same skill or to
very lucky because well there
there will not be enough elemental shells
kill or if it will lead wildly all
equally not praise that is such here
moments they are of course very password
annoying so personally I think
that this is probably the biggest problem
and
so far unfortunately she does not dare here
I don't see any big sleep
such here with the movements that is something
that is really changing for now
it remains that I hope I answered
this question if not then specify in
comments I will try to answer there well
Of course, don't forget to subscribe to
Channel join VKontakte group's well
of course like the likes
all right good luck see you soon